so the first comment I saw somebody post
about this online was and it's a
fetching tart who will wear the cat suit
well and have us yearn for fancy feast
see now I just imagined some aristocrat
with a top hat and a monocle going and
there's a fetching charge will where the
cat suit will and have a serum for fancy
feast mmm-mmm-mmm yes now it's uncertain
if Anne Hathaway will completely become
Catwoman ins movie because on the
studio's press release they listed her
as Selena Kyle Catwoman's alias or her
true identity now for all of you who are
saying this is Nolan's last Batman movie
of course she has to become Catwoman
well doc Connors was an all three
spider-man movies sans one arm so yeah
now I think n Hathaway has that nice
girl feel where she can have that
sinister smile and those catty eyes but
I don't know if she'd be perfect for
Catwoman Batman sorted needs a cat woman
who's a baddie who becomes a goodie who
he doesn't feel like he can fully trust
but he's kind of sort of in love with
and it becomes sort of his lifelong
obsession I mean was Lindsay Lohan
unavailable that was low no no I think
in Hathaway could have been an amazing
Harley Quinn I mean seriously google
image pictures of anne hathaway and look
at the pictures of her smiling and tell
me she wouldn't be a great Harley Quinn
actually don't tell me she wouldn't be a
great Harley Quinn I know it in my heart
I was kind of hoping for keira knightley
or a newcomer but if nolan wants Anne
Hathaway Nolan can have Anne Hathaway in
Christopher Nolan I trust now for those
of you saying it's gonna be hard to top
Michelle Pfeiffer's Catwoman well it's
gonna be hard to top Jack Nicholson's
Joker oh wait also in this movie tom
hardy who you may remember from
inception was cast to play pain and
Schumacher's Batman and Robin Bain was
just this big inarticulate thug who
grunted and yelled all the time and
could only really clearly say his name
he's not a Pokemon in the comics Bane is
one of Batman's most intelligent and
physically powerful foes he's best known
from breaking Batman's back which he did
after figuring out that Batman was Bruce
Wayne as comic book fans know bein was
created by this powerful addictive drug
called venom and my hope is that Nolan
will create something a little more
realistic that will cause Bane to become
bein more realistic is good it's good
what I'm hoping for is that the Bane and
Catwoman stories won't completely weave
together because if Batman finds one
baddie he'll find the other and it's
just going to be a piece of cake but if
they're both wreaking havoc separately
that moves the theme to
that of the struggles of an overwhelmed
hero I'm thinking that this movie is
going to be a lot more physical than the
first two because the first one was
really good with setting the story arc
off into this new ish Nolan Batman
universe and the second one was an
awesome psychological trick so since
Bane is a villain this will probably
have a lot more brute action but now I
want to know what you guys think do you
have faith in Anne Hathaway or even more
so in Nolan for picking in Hathaway are
you excited for this what do you think
that's going to pan out do you think
they're going to be cool words together
do you think that anne hathaway as
catwoman is going to be mostly good or
not even shown in like a cat suit and
let me know about these videos to do you
like me talking about entertainment news
nerdy comic book movie stuff because I
know a lot of other youtubers do that
and I'm not as good as a lot of them so
really I just I've been doing this a lot
lately mah Han bushes wing it but
honestly do you remember how many people
were upset that Heath Ledger was cast to
play the Joker me too coming into the
frame you are so short I'll do this
there you are still short this is
brittany yeah I'll get it down so they
can see you tell them about your new
YouTube channel that you just made has
youtube channel y'all really Britney
yeah really get back in here tell them
why they should go look at your video I
has videos go watch them city park say
please please look at the camera can has
video wall Britney talk about your hair
because people are like lon g hair care
about my hairs but they're looking at it
and that's what they're commenting right
now they're commenting oh look she has
mermaid hairs I'm not good at public
speaking it's not public it's there's
there's nobody there yeah there's no
nobody did nobody's gonna see this
nobody is going to see this I have like
14 subscribers or something some of that
I haven't checked in a while I have like
14 there were only going to be like
14 subscribers that means like eight
people are going to see this look eight
people eight people are only going to
see this I promise and action hi I like
hair I want to be a mermaid i like the
little mermaid I'm a mermaid all of that